c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\TicketManager.exe.config
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\TicketManager.exe
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\TicketManager.pdb
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\userLogin.baml
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\userLogin.g.cs
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.g.resources
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.exe
c:\users\helstedlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.pdb
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\TicketManager.exe.config
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.exe
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.pdb
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\TicketManager.exe
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\TicketManager.pdb
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\userLogin.baml
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\userLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.g.resources
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\obj\Debug\TicketManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HttpPoster.dll
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HttpPoster.pdb
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HashString.dll
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HashString.pdb
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\Tickets4You.dll
C:\Users\Helstedxd\Documents\GitHub\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\Tickets4You.pdb
C:\Users\HelstedLaptop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\Tickets4You.dll
C:\Users\HelstedLaptop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HttpPoster.dll
C:\Users\HelstedLaptop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HashString.dll
C:\Users\HelstedLaptop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\Tickets4You.pdb
C:\Users\HelstedLaptop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HttpPoster.pdb
C:\Users\HelstedLaptop\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TicketManager\TicketManager\bin\Debug\HashString.pdb
